Hey, if you don't marry the King of Tran Nam.
So Emei was eliminated.
You are a sinner forever.
If married
Nga Mi has Tran Nam Vuong as a supporter.
So maybe it is possible to restore the glory of the past.
Haha.
Hey, should we give up on Chu Min?
But not satisfied.
The person who came was informing the king of the town to come and get married, no.
Is dressed for boss Chu.
Take him down the mountain and hand him over to the king of the town to wait a moment.
I'm not as wronged as a little.
take me
what you say
I will not marry you.
Is it possible to let Tran Nam Vuong get married?
Howl.
Do you want Emei to destroy the door?
I'm sure I'm here.
No one can move.
Emei
The King of the South arrives
The King of Tran Nam has arrived, you are all dead for sure.